# BUSINESS_ANALYSIS_CAPSTONE
# PROBLEM STATEMENT GIVEN BY THE WHARTON SCHOOL.
The problem that GYF faces with ad blocking services is the potential of not being able to provide their users with free access to their platform. The obvious cause to this problem is the loss of the number of companies willing to pay GYF to advertise on their platform especially if more and more users visiting GYF are using ad blockers. This is understandable from the point of view of the companies trying to advertise their business. If users are going to block all ads, then the company will be foolish to keep paying GYF to advertise as the advertisement does not even reach most of the users. On the other hand, after reading the assigned articles about Google and Yahoo’s thoughts on ad blocking and what the thoughts are on Apple giving ad blocking apps
the ability to be used, it’s not always a negative to use ad blocking services. The reasoning behind it is that it may better the user experience in a way where advertisements that are actually meant to track and use user information for data mining purposes can be avoided providing users with more privacy. Along with that, some websites may load faster and use less data without as many or any advertisements on that particular website. It can definitely better the user experience but at what cost? Would they rather have advertisements on free websites or not have advertisements and potentially lose their favorite website/have to pay to access the contents. To better understand what the users want, the data analytics team needs to perform causal research and use focus groups, social media and mobile data analytics for quantitative purposes.
# CLICK ON THE PPT FILE TO VIEW.
# THE END
